I guess Josie you're um making a quick
video of all my my antlers that I have
now most of some of these were given to
me by a friend of some of them I've get
shot like this one right here um and I
also have oh don't trouble now I also
have this one when I shot this was
originally an 8 pointer but I made it
into rattling antlers so I had to cut
off the brow Hines right here so they
cracked my fingers um these are battling
ours our grill grate what I basically
did it just cut them off the skull
sanded them down
drilled through them you know time with
string and they worked pretty well right
here and that's basically not riding the
antlers now this is one this is the
biggest of them all big old nine pointer
he's got one two three four and then
he's got full on the other side but he's
also got this little sticker coming out
of his own I don't know if this is g2 or
whatever but anyway this is a real big
he scored one hundred thirty six and a
half inches non-typical I hadn't scored
he's just a real big deer he's got least
twelve inch of G twos I'm gonna call him
round off their g1 g2 s or whatever but
there are twelve inches on this side
enough all over and a half on this side
I have nine antlers here you know this
is just a little a deer that you know
this shot I mean I'm not a trophy on her
I don't for meat but you know trophies
are nice now these basically just he you
know he he shot a lot of these and he
just you know cuts the skull off just
boils it and yeah this kind of a cool
little deer cuz he's he's all kind of
messed up you know we've got all the uh
deformities on the elders just pretty
cool you can see right there he's kind
of like a little cup right here
antlers this is mine this is a
eight-point small little chocolate horn
a point of any other big body on and you
know these just bunch of small ones and
stuff like that
but like I said I'm not a trophy yard
now where I hold it you rarely ever even
see bucks
I've only thinking about they've seen a
Buckley knowing four times five times
wha blown out of the woods trip and
because I hunt where I hunt you know
it's everybody's up there and I don't
know them publicly the hunter private
property and uh you know everybody just
shoots the first little spike that walks
in front of them so the buck to doe
ratio is probably I'm gonna say like one
to five or something like that I mean
it's terrible the Bucks don't even get a
chance to mature now meet all these deer
these were taken you know Delaware and
Maryland just where my friend leader
self I took this one up in the George
Washington National Forest we go there
but uh yeah he's not really hard a big
bucks around here I just mostly know
this is what we see and I yeah that's
basically all my uh my emilie's that I
have you know it's pretty cool things to
keep around they're also pretty cool
trophies and stuff like that but yeah
that's basically all my mountings if you
want to check out my friend grouse on
sevens channels linkage right here you
know go check out his channel comment
and watch some of these videos got
pretty cool videos out there all those
show some fishin on VNL thanks for
watching